docs: browser console usage guide (#2919)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/usage.md

Using the browser is great for experimenting 👍. However, due to all of the strings Faker uses to generate fake data, **Faker is a large package**. It's `> 5 MiB` minified. **Please avoid deploying the full Faker in your web app.**
:::

> ## Browser Console

Reviewer: Don't think this header is needed. It can all come under the Browser header with the warning?

Reviewer 2: Maybe change it to just "Console"?

Reviewer: Or make it a level 3 heading.

Author: IMO the `Browser` heading isn't optimal (That's why I put it in a different heading in the first place). 

Should we rename it to `Simple Website`?

Reviewer: I think we should be cautious about making it seem like this is a sensible way to make a website. Doing it in the console is fine for a quick experiment but loading a 5MB JS file client-side is not a wise idea. So I think it needs to be linked to the warning above.

Author: I switched the two sections and made the html script part actually usable.

```

::: info Note

> It is highly recommended to use version tags when importing libraries in Deno, e.g: `import { faker } from "https://esm.sh/@faker-js/faker@v8.4.1"`.

Author: Or should we update this to `v9.0.0-alpha.0`?

```suggestion
It is highly recommended to use version tags when importing libraries in Deno, e.g: `import { faker } from "https://esm.sh/@faker-js/faker@v9.0.0-alpha.0"`.
```

Reviewer 3: I would only make reference to stabile versions in our docs.
